In this lesson we're going to show you how
to get setup with Amazon Web Services,
AWS for short.
going to show you how to sign up for an
account, set up users, policies and keys.
So the key things
are going to be permissions,
how to download key pairs, and
show you a little bit of the SDK.
So it's going to be mostly hands-on.
We're going to walk you,
screen cast the entire process.
Sergio Luna here is going to
walk you through this.
So it'll help If you sign up for
an account and
then follow along with this lesson.
Having said that,
I'll let Sergio take it from here,
we're going to switch to the web now.
>> Okay, so
the first thing you're going to
want to do is create your account.
It's important to know that you're
going to need a credit card and
the free tier is only 12 months long.
So after 12 months,
they're going to start charging you if
you're currently using their services.
When you click Create Account, you're
going to come to this page right here.
Where you're going to enter your account
name, your email, and a password.
Once you hit Continue, it'll go to
this next page where, initially,
it's going to be on Company Account.
You're probably going to want a personal
account, because this just for
your own personal use.
You fill out all this information,
and then you fill
out the credit card info on the next page
and you are going to be ready to go.
It's important to note also that you are
probably going to want to set up a billing
alarm just in case you go over
the free tier's alloted services.
Say you have an EC2 instance and
It's being used too much,
or you have a size that's too big, so
you're going to want to know that.
And you can set up billing alarms so
that Amazon emails you or
notifies you however you want to so
you can cancel it right away.
>> We know there's a free
tier account in the US.
But if some of you are watching
from China, India, Brazil or
any other country I'm sure there
is some free tier for you guys.
See if not, just post on the board,
see what you can do.
But you can also use other cloud services,
like Microsoft or
Google as I mentioned earlier.
But we chose Amazon because it was
the most popular service out there.
>> And now, you're going to be on
the home page after you log in.
And the first thing you're going to
want to look at are user roles and
policies that you can create.
You can click up here on Services.
And down here which is a security identity
and compliance, you can click on IAM.
And here is where you can create users, so
that you can collaborate
with other people.
When you're logged in, as now, you're
the root account, you own this account.
And you can create users who can view and
use your services as much
as you allow them to.
You create policies that denote how
much they're allowed to use it.
To create one, you just go right here
on this tab where it says Users, and
up top you would add a user.
Create the user name, and it's going to
flow through Permissions, you're
going to review, and it's going to say do
you want to create the password for them?
Do you want them to write
their own password?
Give us their email.
Information like that and then you're
going to end up with a user, like this.
You would have already created
some permissions for them but
you can also go back in and
edit them whenever you want.
So you would just come in to where
it says Users, click on your user,
the user your created.
And then in the permissions tab
you can go to Add Permissions.
You're going to want to look at
existing policies directly because
those are policies that Amazon writes for
you.
You don't have to worry about
coding it exactly as they want it.
So let's say you wanted to give
this user EC2 instant services.
You will type in EC2/ right here
in the search bar, look for
Amazon EC2 Full Access.
Click on it and you just continue
through here, you add permissions.
And there you go, now this user's
allowed to create, edit, and
do anything that EC2 is allowed to do.
And it's important to note that when
you give a user access like this,
it's going to allow them
to use your credit card.
So they can create instances and
maybe they're going to create one
that's not allotted in the free tier.
It's going to be all on your information,
your credit card is used even
though it's their user account.
From there,
once you have a user if you want to be
able to use AWS Client in a terminal.
What you would want to do is,
first setup what are called access keys.
There's an access key,
a public one and a private one.
It's very important to note that
you can only download this once.
Once you've downloaded it,
you can't download it again.
So I recommend backing it up more than
once, backing it up onto a device and
then onto a different device,
just in case you lose it.
The way you would do that is once again,
you go to the,
actually you can come up here,
where your username is.
Go to my security credentials.
You can skip this.
And where it says access keys, right here,
you're going to want to click on that and
say create new access key.
It's going to tell you
download this file now and
you're not going to be
able to download it again.
So go ahead and download it and
there's the access key.
If you want to take a look at what it
looks like, it's just a comma separated.
It's going to show you your access
key right here, this one's public.
You can find this on
Amazon on your account.
But down here, the secret key,
only you have this.
That's why you want to back this up and
download it to a couple of secure
devices so that you don't ever lose it.
And if it were the case that you do
lose it, you can always come in here and
make an active on one of your older
keys that you're no longer using.
Or that you forgot the information for.
And once it's inactive,
you can no longer use it.
The reason you have to make one inactive
is because you're only allowed to have two
at a time,
that's the max you can ever have.
And if you need another one,
the only option you have is to delete
one of your older ones and
create one of the newer ones.
So now using your AWS access key
you can download the AWS
client onto your terminal.
To do that on Ubuntu it's pseudo
app get install aws play.
Hit downloads, go ahead and say yes.
And while that's downloading
you can go ahead and copy and
paste your values because we're
going to need those right now.
Okay, so now you have AWS and
you're going to want to run AWS Configure.
So it's going to ask you right here,
what is your access key?
Go ahead and paste that one in.
And then it's going to ask you,
well what's your secret key?
So we're going to copy that.
And paste that one in, then it's going to
ask you what region you want to use.
We're going to go ahead and use US West 1.
And then it's going to ask
you the output format.
I recommend you use JSON,
because it's the easiest to work with.
>> So for regions,
people in other countries,
where do they find their
available regions?
>> You can Google AWS regions And
it'll show you a list of everything
that they have right here.
These regions are the denoted in your
account when you look up to the top right.
Let's say I want to go into a service,
it's not important.
Up here is the region that
you're currently working in.
So we're in US West,
which happens to be US West 1, right here.
And once you've done that for
your AWS client you can use
any of the services that they have, like-
>> You
may want to increase your screen size.
>> Yeah.
>> Control plus, there you go.
You run AWS S3, so
you want to list what you have.
And it's going to show you, these
are the buckets you have for, say, S3.
And you can just check the type of
commands you can run with AWS help.
And it'll show you a whole list
of things you can do on here,
and that's for the AWS client.
So if you want to work with your AWS
account through the terminal, and
you don't want to have to download some
third party library, you can use that.
And the only thing aside from that,
is if you wanted to write code for
your AWS services.
Like let's say you want to write something
in PHP, You look for the AWS SDK for PHP.
You go ahead and go in here, and you would
just follow the instructions on here to be
able to write actual code that will pull
information from any of your AWS services.
In this, you're also going to need
to supply your access keys and
your secret key.
It's just going to be written in code and
you're going to want to
make sure that's secure.
So that's how you set up AWS Client and
your users and
the overlook at the SDKs that they have.